Name: Al Hadi Habib
Since: 14 August 1998 to 21 February 2025


About Him:
I'm the CEO & Founder of Eviyon LLC.
Formerly, I served as the managing director at Systomo Digital & MintHost.
Lastly, I am from Bangladesh.
            --------  Al Hadi Habib


why him:
He is the most closest person to me. 
He help me a lot in my life. 
He is the only person whom i did share my emotions, my feelings,
my sadness.
My life and his life is kinds of same. We have many similarities among us.


Some Memories:
Once I shared him about my feelings with others, Why i hate everyone in my life.
Why I am so introvert. 
He asked me to get out of this things. But he said, "I know can't be change now. It's
very difficult right now. Now you will go with the flow of life. But try to change."
He said me to remember: "People only understand their own interests"


I doesn't go outside that much. Whenever i go outside he always say me "good boy. 
Try to go outside everyday. Play outside games."


How I meet him:
I used to play minecraft on mobile that time. So i did not know that much about
minecraft servers that time. One of my friend invite me on a server named 
"Rheficul Network". It's past name was "Creepyland". It was season 4 of Rheficul
Network on that time. After some days the end battle about to start. So we are 
taking preparation for the end battle. We planning to do something crazy, so that 
other players can't enter the end island and we get the dragon egg. Our planning was
to create a tnt duppper above one of end portal. So when any player get into the end
he will be get knockback and fall into the void. And here my first meetup with him. 
I give him a direct msg on discord (I mean to Al Hadi Habib, as he is the owner). 
I asked him,"if we do this, we will gonna get banned?" 
Surely you will be banned doing such a thing.
He said me in bengali: "Tmra tnt dupper on korba, ar ami tomader tukush kore ban kore dibo."
But yeah we won both dragon egg and elytra. That was fun.


How I become a developer in there:
Sever get shutdown for his illness. He was a blood cancer patient. After few months of
server shutdown one day we see our old server proxy was online. Also 1 player was playing
on that server. So we joined the server. We see that hadi vai was building the bedwar 
server. Here my and my friend "Abir Rahman's" journey start with hadi vai. We help him to
build up the server and testing. After few days I decide to apply for the moderator. I 
give a interview of 3 hours. Yeah i know it's seems funny, but it's true. i give a 3
hour interview on discord. First give interview on dc bot. And when giving interview Some
unwanted circumstances i couldn't complete it. When i back to online i saw that i was 
timeout. Then i tell hadi vai(vai means brother) about the reason and asked him for another
interview. That time he took interview by his own. He took interview manually. 
After the interview he again asked me give interview on bot. That's why it took 3 hours. xd:_

I still remember after asking my name and age and my home town, he directly asked me
what is your favourite fruit. Before my replay he said, "You should say avocado."
Trust me that's the first time i heard that fruit name. I think it was his favourite 
fruit. I joined as a trail mod. But I was surprised that team. I saw Abir also applied
for the post. He applied for the post previous day before my application. We work together.
We fight each other xd. After some days Abir joined as trial developer. I don't know that
much know about servers setup so i asked Hadi vai for a trial server where i can prcatice.
He give me a trial server and i keep practicing in there. Also server name changed>
It becomes "Eviyon Network"
But after some days due to some reason internal reason everything stopped. 

After many months asking hadi vai to start the server again and again he start working 
on the server. I started learning plugin development. And i also get developer role
in the server. All the internal work was handle by hadi vai. He solo build the full server.
He really do hard work for the server. Server started on 1st January 2025.
And it permanently shutdown on on 22 February 2025 ans He passed away on 21 February 2025.
Miss u hadi vai.


Advice given by him:
After refusing my day to day life,
One of the thing he said to me, "Your parent's have expectation on you."
From now In Shaa Allah I will try to fullfil my parents dream, also as hadi vai asked
me to do it so.

In Shaa Allah I am quitting from Games not only minecraft but also other games for 
rest of my life.
Maybe it is the ending of my gaming journey. I have a very good staff team in that server,
May Allah help them all. 


If anyone read this txt, please pray for Hadi vai. 
May Allah grant you Jannah, Hadi vai.


23 February 2025
   Scary Spark
